

Willis is a Capitol with a population of 26463. The population is integrated
with the following statistics:
    36% humans 
    25% gnomes
    15% halflings
    10% dwarves
     7% elves
     3% half-elf
     2% half-orc
     
     Government
     The city is ruled by a lawful good Prince (100,100). The population
     itself is neutral good (66,85). The secondary power in the city is a
     neutral good wizard who openly assists the leading power.

     Underground:
     The underground has little sway in the city. it consists of a black
     market and a thieves guild.

     Race relations:
     Descrimination is heavily discouraged. Humans are the most populace race,
     but hold no special power. Half-orcs are a minority, but are not openly
     descriminated. Slavery is illegal for residents.
    
     Location:
     Willis is a port city, and a major trade route between 6 cities.
     cities. It is bordered by the Squshwoods to the north, the Sea of Alltrae 
     to the east, the mountains of Warren in the East and the Spiney Mountains 
     and Great Forest in the south.

     Economy:
     Willis has a thriving economy since it is on a major traderoute. They
     produce a steady supply of trade goods and magic items to the surrounding
     areas.  There is one large market that is open to the public.

     Entertainment:
     The hub of entertainment in Willis is a large arena. There are several
     Inns. Brothels are frowned upon, but do exist.

     Religion: The City only allows religions of good, lawful, neutral or
     chaotic alignment, and is home to the following  churches: pelor,
     herbyr, deneir, mystra, tempus and oghma.  There are reports of the
     following underground churches: bane, talos, hextor.

     Neighbors:
        - Grunin is a dwarvern city to the north. They are allies in war and
        trade partners. They welcome visitors.
        - Felnt is a gnomish town to the southeast.  Felnt is isolated and
          does not trade much. They are neutral towards visitors.
        - Vine Ring Forest is an elven village to the southeast. They are 
          isolated and do not trade much. They are openly hostile to visitors.
        - Q'al Tahn is a kender village to the southeast. They are allies in 
          war, but do not trade much. They welcome visitors.
        - Morten is a small human town to the south. They are allies in war
          and trading partners. They welcome visitors.


On approach:

    Weather Conditions: warm, sunny. Rained yesterday.

    Events: A Trade festival appears to be in full swing





          
